Miss Ricard, good morning.
Hey, Colin, good morning. Can you hear me now?
Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Yes, perfect.
Alright, alright. How was your weekend? How's everything?
Yeah, it was good. I just went to like San Francisco, went around the beach, and then I usually like play badminton on weekends, so yeah.
Mhm.
Nice, nice. That's good. That's fun. Well, hopefully, I always forget, so not I forget, but I don't think about, you know, you're kind of newer to the Bay Area there. So I'll put it this way. Everyone else, they say like, oh, I always avoid going to the city. And I'm like, no, no, no, you're still trying to see the sights and you don't go around there. It's a cool place.
Yeah.
It's nice.
Yeah, I mean, these days, like the weather is also pretty good, so...
Yeah.
Good.
And it will get hotter like if going down the month like June. I don't like too too sunny. I think this time is like very nice. Like just after the like spring or like winter.
Right. No, for sure. For sure. You don't want to come to Pennsylvania then, because Pennsylvania mixed California and Chicago together. And we had yesterday for us was, I think, 80 degrees. Today it's 30 degrees.
Mm.
She goes, yeah.
30 degrees, yeah.
So, it's big swinging.
I was in Chicago like one year back, one and 1 1/2 year back. I had my like college there, so I stayed like 2 years. I really love the place. Like, it's windy, right? Like, it's windy and like fresh, fresh air everywhere.
Mhm.
Yeah, well, I think at some point you got to come to Pittsburgh, at least see if you like it here. We have better winters than Chicago, at least a more, we still have the nice, a lot more nature, or a different kind of nature out here. So it's relaxing, it's peaceful.
And.
Ohh, nice, nice.
Right.
Nice, nice. Yeah, I'll definitely like, yeah, sometime this year.
Bhatt.
Yeah.
So I did want to just connect with you on a couple of things. So I know for Srinivas, what he was talking about for Wednesday, we can do that. I think, so are you at Cisco today? Are you at home today?
Sure.
Mhm.
I'm at home, so I'm, yeah, I'm planning to, so I usually like thought of going on Tuesdays and Thursdays, but again, based on the, as I like it, it would be better to connect with Justin, like on the project, so on Justin as well, like, so on the project, so I thought of going on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Okay.
Mmh.
from this week.
Oh yeah, yeah, no problem, no problem. I'll put it this way, as long if they're not in the building, doesn't matter to me. I mean, it's just like even today I was asking Justin, you know, when are you in the office? So, so for me, I'm like, it doesn't.
Yeah.
Right, right.
Mm-hmm.
It doesn't matter. I'm not that type that's like get in the office every day. I think that's silly. But no, I was just asking because I wanted to talk to you about something else too. But all right, let me show you this first and we can talk about this. And I'll walk you through how we can approach this because there's a lot of different ways. And I do want to see.
Mhm.
Sure.
you know, from your side, because I'll put it this way, like no one knows everything. So if we talk about something and you don't feel, you know, confident in it, it's totally fine. Don't think that I'm sitting here. I always hated that. I once had a senior guy that was like, oh, you don't know every single detail of every single aspect of AI. And I'm like, it's literally impossible.
Okay, okay.
There's new things every day, you can't. So if you don't, that's okay, I'll teach you. If you do, great. Well, we can skip over it.
Mm.
Yeah, sure.
So talking about the drilling down into different bugs and errors and like kind of the subclassification of those.
Mm.
So for that, there's a couple of different ways we can go about it. The biggest challenge here, like we talked about before, is the ambiguity of those things.
Right.
Mm.
Now, here's the reality. So I'll give you this. Part of my old job, at least, used to be I ran all the AI stuff, but I also ran all the BI stuff for business intelligence.
Mhm.
So what BI tells you is that, you know, you put numbers on a screen, and I'm not by any means, please don't take away from this that I'm saying to make up things. But the thing is, if information is presented well, people rarely question it. And even though things are a little bit ambiguous right now, I think the Moore point is not
the, you know, per issue granularity of what specific categorization is this, but more like the bulk picture, like as a whole, this is what Srinivas is trying to get at. He's trying to say, you know, most of the issues are because of this, etc.
Mm.
Abhijit.
So here's what, let me share my screen real quick and I'll show you how we can go about this.
Sr.
Just let me know when you can see.
So, yeah, I can see.
Sure.
Yeah.
So I think here the specific thing is, you know, of these ones we have some bugs and errors. We said that that number was 708.
Right.
And then we did do a little bit more drill down and he was like, no, no, no, I want to know like specific, you know, sub classification of what bugs and errors, like where do they, you know, where are the issues, all these things.
So what we're going to have to do, because this is ambiguous, is this is 1 where we're absolutely going to want to just bring a language model in. But it's going to happen very similar to how you already did this. There's going to be some minor changes, but we're going to probably end up writing a skill for this. So the first question is, how do you feel about skills?
Mhm.
Are you very familiar or are you not so familiar? What's your comfortability with writing skills?
So yeah, I haven't used skills, but I've been going through like when I started like connecting with like Saurav and Team. So I was like going through all those. So I haven't like built anything on it, but I've been like going through like how we can create, like how we can use it.
Not like, but because we don't have like access to the cloud, like in the in our Cisco machine, but I have it here on my personal machine, so yeah, I can I can create one, and yeah, we can, yeah, we can do like go from there, like I think to and fro.
Yeah.
like making like improvements. I can connect with Saurav also, like on understanding like skills in more detail.
Yes, so I'll give you, let me give you the kind of the primer today, and I've got something that'll make life infinitely easier for you as well.
So, so.
Tom.
So one good thing is that while skills came from Claude originally, skills are now universal. They are supremely useful, way more than you'd think that they were. I was honestly very skeptical of this before we started out with them.
Mhm.
Okay.
And then, you know, after I used for a while, I was like, oh my gosh, this is actually somewhat more useful than just about anything else that's come out so far, including MCP, because they are very, very flexible and they're very easy to make.
So, um, are you are you on your BayOne machine right now?
I did not get the BayOne laptop yet. I'm using my personal laptop. Yeah, personal laptop itself.
Got you.
Gotcha, that's okay, that's okay. So I can show you how to do this in the meantime. So there is a repository, and I'll share the link with you. And you can look at this. Let me go here.
Okay.
Yep, here we go.
So what will happen is whenever you sign into Cloud Code,
Mm-hmm.
you'll get a message that, you know, there's some organizational plugins that you can add on.
And the good thing here is that if you're ever confused, my advice is always this. It's, I'm going to sound a little bit sassy right now, and this is not directed at you, but I'm like, I'm going to give the same answer to everyone. Someone says, you know, I don't know how to do that. I'm like, guess what? You're sitting in front of the thing that has all the answers or can find the answers at least.
Okay.
So if you're ever not sure, just ask Cloud. Because Cloud is uniquely equipped to, you know, enable itself like that. So even in VS Code, it'll help you out. Now, once you invoke Cloud, you say like, hey, if I'm not sure how to install this plugins repo, just give it the link, say, how do I do this, follow the instructions.
Right.
Mm-hmm.
It works great. So it's kind of a self-fixing thing.
But I'll show you what this looks like, and we can do this together. These cloud plugins I've written myself, and these are meant to help everyone. These are universal across BayOne. We can bring these in for Cisco too. They're not really proprietary because what you'll see is at the end of the day, a skill is nothing more than a markdown file.
That's it.
Yes, true.
So I'm not really worried about it. And I'll put it this way, by the time Cisco says, oh, this is really good, this is super awesome, I'll already have 30 versions that are better. So for me, it doesn't matter because they move very quickly. So even if we use one, you'll see it's.
Yeah.
So here's how this works. So in this plugins folder in this repository, and I'll share this with you so you can kind of follow along on your side.
Mhm.
In this plugins folder in the repository, you'll see these subfolders.
Yeah.
The one is called Core Tools, and within that you can see a structure. And if I open up the Skills subfolder of that, you'll see one that's called Skill Forge.
Right.
Okay, so scope creator is the one that's old that comes from anthropic itself.
The default one, right? Yeah.
It's and it's very vanilla. Technically, Skill Forge skill helps you to, or Skill Creator skill helps you to build skills. I'll put it this way. It will help you build skills as if you're a high school student.
Okay.
Compared to Skill Forge, Skill Forge will help you create skills as if you're like the number one scientist at OpenAI.
So they are night and day. Skillforge is incredibly advanced comparatively. I'm not just saying that because I wrote it, but because the actual capability is that much better.
Mhm.
So within this Skill Forge skill, it's like the perfect reference to every single thing you could ever want to know about skills.
Okay.
And so when you invoke the skill, and I will go through how to do this, when you invoke the skill, what's going to happen is it's going to start to guide you through a process. And it's got some really cool functionality that it can do. It self-updates. So as new features get released for skills, the skill automatically updates its own understanding.
With that.
Um...
So that means like it updates the markdown file, right?
Right, right. And it does that automatically.
Shukla.
Automatically, okay. It like some kind of cron job or like activity goes on every time in your laptop or...
So.
Right.
The cloud cloud keeps like, like, like updating once it has like some kind of new model or new model coming up.
Right. And actually, why don't we do this? Why don't we, because we can actually do this live. So rather than me just explaining, I can show you. So on your laptop, do you have VS Code on your personal?
Okay.
Oh no, I don't have, but I have the like cursor ID. I think that should work.
Okay, as long as it can have, so you can, do you have Cloud installed, like Cloud Code installed on that machine?
Yes, yes, it is installed.
Okay, so here's what we'll do. Why don't you share your screen on that, pull up the IDE, and basically pull up some empty, like some new repository, or if you have any work.
It's probably best to pull it up in a brand new folder or something like it so the workspace is clean because we'll make a bunch of files here and I don't want to junk up anything you're working on. But I'll show you we can build a quick skill together real quick using that skill forge skill.
Okay, sure.
One second.
Yeah, can you see my screen?
Yeah.
So for this, you might want to have this in a terminal. And so let me see how you install, because this is going to be fun, because I'm not sure how to
how to do it with, what do you say, cursor. But let's see how this works. So first, just start, Claude. Yeah.
No.
I have to check which.
Okay, I don't want to waste your time, so let I can do one thing, so I can go through the like GitHub report, the same this one, and I can go and go into the skills skill forge. I can try this one. I'll go through those. So, if you want, like, do you want me to like focus on any specific skill?
Yep.
Or anything.
I'll do one with you real quick. I'll share my screen and you can just refer back to this recording and that way you'll be in good shape because it's pretty easy. Once you see, it's going to be very natural. Let me just go here, open a folder.
Okay.
Sure.
Create a new one.
Ohh.
Just give me one moment, I'm just going to set one up.
I.
So much.
I'll share my screen.
Can you see?
Yeah.
Let me zoom in a bit, too.
All right, so here's what you have to do. So the first thing is that these, for Claude to know that these skills exist, and this same thing is true for Codex as well.
Mhm.
So just think about equivalency here, because you'll be able to do this on your BayOne machine as well. You just have to be careful about how you do it. So there is a folder called.claude.
That has to exist.
Right.
Inside of Doc Cloud, there has to be a folder called Skills.
All you're going to do is you're going to download that Skill Forge skill from GitHub and paste it into here.
Okay.
Alternatively, you can use the Claude Code app and just install it as a plugin, which will keep it up to date with any of the latest changes. But for Wednesday, you don't have to worry too much about it.
Here now, in a new terminal, and I definitely do recommend using VS Code for this.
Let's see, Claude.
See what's happening here. Okay, so we're in this.
I have Cloud open, Cloud Code.
and I have my skill. Here's what you need to know. Number one, if you have the session open before you copy the folder over.
then there is no possible way that Claude knows that skill exists.
So make sure you get the folder structure set up before you initiate the cloud session.
Okay.
Right.
So...
Let's just do this. Tell me about the skill storage skill.
So just to get your kind of initial understanding of it.
And then I'm going to interrupt it because it didn't realize that it's a...
I'm just going to give it the path.
Just in case Cloud's being stupid today, we'll see.
It says directory not found and all correct.
There we go. So it did find it and it read the skill.md file. The skill.md file is effectively the master copy of exactly what the skill entails.
Right.
So we see it gives some instructions. It's registered and located here.
Mhm.
It creates using best practices, key features as a guided workflow. It self-updates, comes with reference documentations, all this good stuff. So here's what I'm going to do.
Right.
So it gives instructions on how to invoke. So you can say, use the skill for skill to do this, or you can directly say.
Like this, so use the skill.
Yes.
Help me build a skill that, and here's where we would give it some detail. But even if you don't, it's okay, because it's going to ask you the needed questions.
Yeah, follow-up questions that you ask, yeah.
Yes.
Um...
So, in the skill create, like we we get that basic questions, which is like default ones, and now using the like skill forge, like we have like proper required questions asked by from the like cloud, and like we will be able to like answer those, and then we'll be able to make a...
Ohh, a scale in a perfect one, right?
That's right. So like, for instance, here, I'm just, this is a good prompt. After you confirm that it's using it, do not allow it to guess. So make sure it wants to invoke the skill. You'll see what it means when I say invoke. It says, use the skill for skill to help me build a skill that can categorize GitHub issues from Bazel build blocks. That's all I'm giving. Not much detail there.
Okay.
Mhm.
Right.
Mmh.
And I'm just going with...
O, here.
Now, if this works properly, the next thing you'll see is this, yes or no. You see how it's asking you use skill, skill for skill.
Yes.
This is critically important. If you do not see this, it is wrong. Do not allow Claude to say, I read the skill.md file and I know I understand the workflow even though the skill is not registered.
Okay.
Mhm.
That's very important because if it doesn't happen and it doesn't invoke the skill, the skill will not work properly.
Okay.
So I'm going to say, use skill, skill forge.
You can see that it got invoked.
It says I'll help you build a skill. It's running the mandatory pre-flight checks first. You see, it's running deterministic scripts to make sure that our environment is set up properly. I don't have to do any of that thinking myself.
And saying Python 3 doesn't work, so it's going to try to figure it out.
Yeah.
On my Windows machine, the commands just Python.
So all the steps from like starting installing the packages and like all the connectors till the like inference part, right?
That's right.
Okay.
And see it says pre-flight check results stay on this. So the last time the skill was updated is 23 days ago. Write permissions are missing, but that's fine because we don't need it to update right now. There's not been much substantial feature at least in the last 23 days, so we're okay.
Mhm.
Okay.
But if we would want to enable it on our local, it says add this to this file, this just this line.
OK, mhm.
And it so see it even gives you instructions on how to do that.
So it says, how would you like to start? Help you understand. Quick overview. I know what I want.
So let's do #3.
Basically, I have a bunch of ambiguous.
Issues from.
User chat channel.
Add.
meant to communicate.
Can I be?
Using.
So I said they can't be categorized using semantic meaning or deterministic scripts because they're too ambiguous. That is true. You would fail if you tried to do pattern matching on those.
Right.
So here's what we're going to do. We're going to give instructions on how you want to do this. And this is where you need to play architect, because that's where the skill is going to come in handy the most. So go in with a plan. I'll give you the plan for this one already, and I'll send you this export as well so you can replicate on your side.
First, the skill.
Able to read all the.
Um...
What are we saying? Issues in bulk and decide on a semi-granular.
categorization.
With details.
The biggest thing here is to be specific about the approach, but be most specific about what the goal is.
Right.
So I said first, skill should be able to read all the issues in bulk and decide on a semi-granular categorization with details that can be done. So for instance, N number of classes of errors. So exactly like you did this, remember what we were saying, so where was this at?
Exactly as you did this, right? You know, came up with this 20 something categories.
Okay.
Right.
I'm essentially saying do that again, but for the issues experienced.
Yeah, based on the available information.
Yes.
Here's the catch.
The issues are...
written by users.
These are not.
They're not referenceable in GitHub. They will be.
provided to you as a CSV.
Mhm.
Right.
The goal here is not to be specific.
on the issue or PR number.
But the overall categorization.
Of the issue itself.
so we can get a clear.
Picture of what the users are facing.
There is an element.
upstatefulness to this.
We want to capture.
As well, the.
Date information which will be given.
to show that trend over time.
specific categories.
Be written in a way.
And then I can say, help me.
Allow me to brainstorm on visualization approaches.
So help me fill in the gaps. So I put this in. You can see that I'm just talking. I'm not really giving instructions. I'm not being very specific. I'm just clearly explaining the input and what I want the output to be.
Yeah, so taking a step back and giving a detailed description of what, like, let's say, like there'll be like multiple inputs, multiple type of inputs, and multiple categories, and try to like...
Right, right.
Give me one moment. Just stay with us while this runs. I'll be right back. Just give me one second.
Yeah.
Okay, I am back. So, here's where we go.
So it gave back this very detailed response. It says, I've read the reference documentation. So it read these files that are included in the skill, so it knows how to build and what to build.
So it says based on what you've described, this is a sophisticated skill that combines language model reasoning, persistent state, incremental processing, visualization.
I added in SQLite as an easy way to have a database here so that we can persist information so we don't have to rerun this. That's a good pick for something like this because it's fairly small scale.
Right.
So question one, what does the CSV structure look like? What columns do you have? All this stuff.
Mm.
So this is where, and you can actually give this to me, if you send on WebEx that CSV file that you had. I think I had one of them, but I don't think it was the complete breakdown. Do you still have that one?
Yeah, I have that. Let me send you.
OK, not this group.
Next API, this is, yep.
latest one.
Yeah, I have added in the.
WebEx check.
Perfect. Okay.
Let me...
Grab this.
And this is where I'm going to yell at Claude for the first time because it gave me 5 questions and Bob's too many for me to answer, at least all at once.
Yeah.
So, I'm just giving...
I told it, stop.
Ask me one question at a time.
And I gave it the CSV file.
Over here.
Right.
Mm.
So, question one of five: CSV is a message IDs unique identifier. Should we use this for a deduplication? Yes.
See.
Super easy.
So this is why this skill is great, because it's going to make you do pretty much nothing. Like you have to answer multiple choice questions effectively.
Mhm.
Chat includes parent message of G general question and announcement of actual build errors.
Here's where you have to be the smart human. You only read.
But I said this, you only read the top 50 lines, because I could see up here, it only read 50 lines of that file, which is much larger.
Yes.
Mm.
But these answers are still relevant no matter what. So it says, A, only categorize things that look like actual issues or errors.
Me.
Option B, categorize everything. Option C, let me decide per run. So when the skill is run, let me decide at that point.
So again, this is where we have to make an architectural decision. For this one, this is really focused on errors, but the thing here is...
Why not just categorize everything?
So let's do this. The primary goal.
So, we said...
You know, B is going to be great. It's going to be useful for us too. But the actual goal is A. So I said, leave it there. You know, like if we can do 2 birds, one stone, great, but don't get distracted.
So next question, when the language one encounters a new issue that doesn't fit, how should the hierarchy evolve?
And this one, language model proposes new categories, you approve. Language model auto expands, you review periodically. C, first one builds initial from scratch. Second, tries to fit into existing categories and black outliers for review. So for you, which one do you think?
Ohh, I think, see, I would prefer like initial hierarchy, and then...
Yes.
Trying to fit into, like, like existing categories, or yeah, that is one really big question, like, where do we like, yeah, I think we won't be able to like categorize, but there might be like different different categories. I think, yeah, that would like initial, we can give like...
I.
Oh, 5, 5, 6 categories and then build up on that.
So don't do that. Don't do that. The reason for that is that you don't know how many categories there are. So if you tell it five, it's going to force everything into 5 buckets. But unless you already know deeply how many there are, I wouldn't give a number.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Mhm.
Okay, you don't want to like specify like fixing it to specific one. Okay.
So like this, so C, best way to start.
Mhm.
And.
A is good for new incoming things.
Mm.
So, you know, like if you rerun this again and there's new things, just because maybe there's new error categories that are there, you don't want to coerce them into something existing if it's not a good fit. But the one that you specifically do not want is B. You don't want the language model to auto expand a hierarchy because it's going to come up with three trillion.
you know, categories and classes.
Yeah, I do, so then can everything you already should go and keep on extending.
Yes.
And.
So you can see here, question four or five for visualization and output.
What do we want? Do you want HTML? Do we want mermaid diagram? Do we want CSV? Well, we gotta...
Ohh, memory rd.
So you see here, yeah.
My mind would like explain a little more in detail like the proper like tree structures.
Yes.
So.
So that way, because mermaid is HTML anyway. So even though it's a mermaid diagram that's embedded, it's still going to end up being HTML, which is why I gave that answer, because it's going to be both no matter what.
Stream.
Mhm.
For trend analysis, what time granularity matters most: daily, weekly, monthly?
Probably something like.
Okay.
I think daily was the initial thing, but again, like it depends, every like manager wants daily, like every team leader, like I mean, the hierarchy goes on, like VP wants like monthly.
Bhatt.
So...
Dumb.
Let's do this.
So if we specify at runtime, that means we're not counting out any of those. That means that we just can decide on the fly.
Mhm.
Right.
One thing to note.
Okay, so I said, here's the general high-level workflow. First, read the CSV at Apple as a whole.
And maybe you don't even need to read the whole CSV.
Yeah, just, just of it, yeah.
Because there is a...
Let's see, connect to runtime.
We'll try to use this so we can actually take a look at this CSV file and see what we've got going on.
Give it a moment.
So I think it's just body, really.
Yeah, just uh...
Body text.
Really just, right?
So, one main thing in this charts, like, like, let's say, like, someone has like a message like their bill has failed today, like, on the same chat, like, I did not, I still did not see like any reply or any...
from anyone explaining like why this caused or like what is the solution or what is the approach. So to like, let's say like if we want to like make the bot to auto reply to a specific issue, we need to have those answers or like.
Um, outputs, right?
Right, right, right. I think that'll come next for us, because this is what I exactly what I was trying to explain to Srinivas in the call and he wasn't really getting it. Like, and I think for him, this is like the first step to figure out where to, you know, point the cannons.
You're welcome.
Mhm, mhm.
I think the logical next step to this is exactly what you said. So what was the resolution in these cases?
Okay.
You know, like, what did you do to fix those? You know, that is very, you know, not answered, or they'll just say, "Hey, try it now," but the trick is that we don't know, you know, what was actually done, you know, to correct it.
Yeah.
Yeah, based on the like previous charts, if you want to like use that information, I don't, I mean, we can go like that, I think, from hierarchical level, like we, if you go in detail and see if we can find some information, or maybe like going forward, like they...
reply to some of the issues like in a proper structured way so that we can capture that and the process continues like the bot and bot can like learn those patterns and try to like answer in a similar way.
Yeah.
Great.
So...
This is essentially what we're saying. So we're trying to say like, were there any solutions noted in these messages as well? Because there could be, it's not just the issues, but sometimes there's solutions as well. Sometimes.
Yeah.
Yep.
So we give all that and you can tell here, so once I give this.
Now I've answered that question, the last question 5, but I'm also giving it something here.
And what's cool here is I'm also just going to go ahead and give it some...
Thanks for the.
And.
mermaid diagrams that I have from another skill. So the singularity skill has something called mermaid shape library, and I'm just going to tell it to use this as a reference and copy it into this skill.
Okay.
But we'll wait for that. So there's another one. So additional requirements are captured.
So, for the solution structure, should it be a separate resolution?
So it should be one, two, or both. Let's just go both.
OK.
Okay, so then the very last question. You see it's noting all these things down as we go, so it's very flexible in that way. What should the skill be named?
Mhm.
Okay.
An XOS issue categorizer came up with it on its own. That's fine.
Now we go to work. So I'm going to turn accept edits on, safe here.
Just building a skill, it's not going to affect anything.
We can see it recorded all the decisions, took all those notes, everything is good.
Give me.
So it's finally going to give us the idea for this skill.
Structure and every detail. OK, got it.
Mmh.
All the database related, and...
Mhm.
Of.
It's giving us the table structure and we can always change this. That's the good thing. They're just marked on files. So we can always, you know, if we don't like it or if we do like it, we can always have that.
Mm.
Right.
Two more things to play.
So I said two more things. First, the skill should check if the SQLite file exists and what the current state is. Check that all the needed libraries are there as pre-flight items. If they don't exist, hard stop, work with the user to resolve. You don't want to do this skill unless you have a place for the information to go in the 1st place.
Mm.
Right.
Next.
Um...
So I'm going to yell at it because it hasn't said anything about hooks or subagents.
Once you start using skills, you'll understand these a little bit more and when to use them. The skill should call these out, but I'm going to yell at it first. Good catches. Great. Thanks for telling me that, Claude. I'm the one that wrote it. That's fine. So
Yeah.
I'm just going to...
So hooks are meant for workflow enforcement.
There are things that fire off that make Claude follow the rules effectively.
Okay.
And.
Simple skills you can do without hooks. More complex a skill, the more useful hooks are going to be.
No.
Agents, likewise, are good to do work in parallel. The biggest thing to watch out for is you want to make sure that agents actually have the ability to write files. If they don't write files, you're better off not using agents at all.
Hmm.
Mm.
Because all that's going to happen is the agents are going to come back, let's say they come back with, you know, 800 lines of a marketing file that they can't write. All that's going to happen is the main cloud session is going to read that and rewrite a crappy summary of it that's, you know, 200 lines long. It's like the telephone game, you know. So.
You don't want that behavior to happen because at that point it's better to just have the main cloud session do it anyway.
OK.
Hopefully that makes sense. So, you know, if the agents don't have write permissions, they serve no functional purpose.
See, excellent reference. Yeah.
So, how many, so how many agents it has to like use or like will that do we provide or like it will be automatic on that?
It'll be automatic and we'll be able to specify. Claude has a hard limit of seven sub-agents that can work in parallel.
Okay.
Seven, okay.
Where that helps you is you can do things more quickly.
Mhm.
And you have to think about it like it's an architectural thing. So remember the workflow I said. The first step is read the file at a high level and try to come up with categories.
Right.
Okay.
So that's step one, just like what you did here.
right with your with your breakdown here.
Right, right, right.
Now that step, is that agentic? No. As a hard rule, absolutely not, because you want consistency here.
Right, so you want...
Mm.
that whenever it reads it at a high level, you just want it to be.
you know, one singular cloud session reading it because it needs to read it all at once. If you read with multiple agents, they're going to come back with their own categories and you're going to have to resolve that, which is going to be more work than needed.
Mhm.
Yeah, it keeps growing.
But once those categories are written.
Yeah.
That's the trick. Once those categories are written, then you can process them in batches of 25 issues at a time.
25 lines of the CSV file at a time.
Okay.
Because there's already an existing, you know, master set of all the categories.
MM.
And so whenever you're running those sessions in parallel, you're essentially just saying filter and sort.
each of those lines into the known categories. So that can be agentic because they're independent of each other.
So, I'm going to tell it that.
And.
So, number one, the initial category discovery is always single-threaded. There should be both a table and a markdown file for it. Two, to answer the question now, after that.
So after that, when processing the file at 25 lines at a time and the categories, each run should generate markdown artifacts with the categorization for that batch of 25.
At the end.
So basically all those sessions go and...
And.
All the sessions go and just imagine, let's say that we have, you know, 250 lines. That means that we'll have 10 total markdown files.
Mhm.
So in this, we also have to consider the replies and yeah, the whole thread, right?
Correct, correct. And that's where, because there's not really a distinction in the CSV file.
So.
Right, so that CSV file is extremely long, right? I don't know exactly how many lines it is.
Okay.
Uh, it's more like 10, yeah.
Yeah, 42, yeah, 4200.
Yeah, 4200 messages. The lines are like many, I think.
Right.
Now, that's all the unique lines, so maybe the first thing it, yeah.
So.
Yeah, so the, sorry, parent message ID is the main message and then the remaining follows, like the hierarchy follows.
Yeah.
So, it is the parent.
So let's see if Claude understands what we're getting at here.
So I said exactly what you did, just in some different words. We'll make sure Claude understands so we can document it before it writes.
Daddy Kings saw your parents.
So, the understanding category discovery is always single-threaded. Language model scans the CSV body column to propose category hierarchy, produces 2 artifacts, a table.
So that's wrong on phase one.
Drake.
One.
I meant to...
Meet the table.
And SQLite.
We have the SQL Lite.
Table already exists.
The skill should check what's already there for categories.
This is where I know it looks like we're just going in a circle here, but the more specific, the more information, the more you put into this, the more you get out of this with skills. So I'm saying here, yeah.
So, now all all these will be in a like cloud, no dot MD file, or how these all like what all we have discussed, like how how these are stored.
So you'll see that in just a moment after this starts to generate.
OK, OK, it will send it. OK.
So first, language model scans the CSV body to propose category hierarchy. I corrected this. It's not a table. Like I don't want a table like a CSV file. I want that to be a table in a SQLite database.
And then I want a markdown file as well.
Mhm.
just for my own convenience. I want to read it, you know, and then I approve it before proceeding.
Batch configuration, categorization goes next. We can do things in parallel, or we can do single-threaded user choice.
Default batch size is 25. You can tell with 4,200, 25 is not going to work because it's going to be far too many batches.
So we can increase that to something like 100, but we can do that at runtime. So this is good.
Thread integrity: the parent message the first in the thread gets categorized. Child messages follow the parent and stay traceable. Batch boundaries should respect thread groupings, so they aren't split across batches.
Yes.
Right.
Then after all of these, so just picture this, you have a bunch of markdown files that get generated with all the categories in them. Then we go and we do a merge.
Mhm.
And that happens by the language model. It's reading all the files and condensing them down.
Mm.
Let's coordinate with the user.
So I said, you know, it's saying, oh, well, we can just adjust the batch size to keep threads together. That's not necessarily true. You can't guarantee that threads are going to be kept together because your batch size is set to 50, for instance.
Mhm.
So I said, come up with a better idea. That's it.
So it's going to think through this again.
And the reply.
If SQLite already exists, check it first, produce 2 artifacts, consistency check. All that is correct now. This has been correct.
There's A pre-processing script to scan the CSV, build a thread map, identify all root messages. Only root messages get categorized. Children inherit parents category.
Boom. Done.
So it's going to make sure the final architecture is good with us. And then if we're good, it'll generate some files. And then we'll have a fully fleshed out skill. And I'll share all this with you so you can take advantage and use it on your machine as well. Like I said, please make sure you get VS Code and get Cloud Code installed so you can do this the right way.
Because even for an analysis like this,
I'll show you what we can do for Sony Vest, because this will actually be quite easy after you do.
Okay.
So it says, here's the final architecture.
It's good. Everything is self-contained. There's a bunch of scripts here that it's going to write for us. Beautiful.
Schema looks good. Pre-flight, phase one, phase two, phase three, phase four. At this point, we've already said this.
Mm.
Ready to generate, yes.
So now it's going to actually make this scope.
So it just made in here.
It just made the structure. It's mostly empty right now, but you can see output references and scripts. So it just put together the folder structure. It's going to work on the skill.md file first, aka the main file for the skill.
And at this point, we're just kind of waiting for everything to get generated.
So while we're waiting, I'll give you one thing that I need to talk to you about. So you haven't done anything wrong at all. I just need to catch it because unfortunately we had something with Namita happen.
Sure.
Mhm.
So she had.
done some things with Cisco that I'm trying to now resolve with their cybersecurity team, but I'm just going to tell you personally, so, you know, to avoid the same mistake. So what happened with her? She was sharing some files with Vaishali, but instead of using WebEx to do that, she, for whatever reason, took it upon herself to go against my instructions.
Sure.
and download Microsoft Teams onto our Cisco machine, and then send Vaishali files that were Cisco source code files.
on that Microsoft Teams.
In.
Now, this wasn't a few files, and even if it was, it wouldn't have mattered, because it's still incorrect no matter what.
I mean, the first thing is we have WebEx, so WebEx should be used, right? So that's easy enough to understand. So first of all, don't use Teams to send things about Cisco. You don't do that anyway. You already, even in this call, you know, you sent them over WebEx, which was perfect.
But just know that if you do that, it will get flagged by Cisco.
Right, yeah.
So, the second, yeah.
Yeah, mostly I saw the in the apps, like I saw it, like it's like restricted, so I tried, but I, yeah, again, like sending mails, like only through like messages or like files only through WebEx. Yeah, I was following that and, yeah, I this this was like, yeah, initial thought, like when...
Yeah, I shared with, but yeah, I had not like going deep on like the teams, yeah, teams, yeah, in first place, yeah, it was for me, like, I tried once, but after like last week, but I did not let go and install again, like teams, and...
Yes.
followed that process. I kept like Cisco separate and like this team separate on my personal laptop.
Yes, yes, because I know, I'll tell you now, because there's gonna, I'm gonna have to send out a policy update for everyone, because, you know, unfortunately this stuff, if it gets flagged by their cybersecurity team, that's not much I can do. So once they, so you're doing good, just don't, you know, try to use Teams on Cisco device.
Yeah.
Sure.
Keep that either on personal or on.
you know, BayOne laptop and make sure you observe that rule. The same thing, even if it's to another team member, it doesn't matter. That's what I was trying to tell her. Like, I understand you were trying to share things with Vaishali. The point is, is that she shared it over the wrong channel to a non-Cisco email. So immediately that gets flagged by Cisco.
Yeah.
So even sharing things that are Cisco materials, make sure you share that only to email addresses ending in cisco.com. You know, that's the rule of thumb.
So, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And I think R2 might have reached out anyway. You know, I think Namida told you, you know, hey, try to download Teams, you do this. Absolutely do not. You know, unfortunately, she's going to get some scolding from me on that because that's completely inappropriate. I had specifically told everyone not to do that. So just make sure that you don't, even if someone says you can.
I'm telling you right now, do not do it.
Yeah, sure, and yeah, I'll follow like what is, yeah, what is available and I'm not downloading or installing or sharing anything. Yeah, I'm trying to like take a step back before like doing doing something.
Right.
Yes. Now the other one was much easier, which was like, I think she had sent a file and then tried to get around it. Two very bad things at the same time. Number one, she tried to send a file that was like 80 gigabytes as a zip file.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, innocent or not, that looks horrible.
I think this is like logs, like I think the ones she got like access to, like two or three logs. I think that was shared. Okay. Yeah, again, that too big.
Yes.
But, but no matter what, you know, like...
Any organization of any size, if you send files that big, they're going to flag you.
Yeah.
Because that looks like you just tried to steal code.
So I'm just saying we'll learn from this one. I'm not trying to scold her. I'm not trying to use this as a bad example, but just keep that in mind. Any big things like that, just ask me if you ever, you know, aren't unsure. You know, even if a file's small, that's what I was trying to tell her. I'm like, it's not about the file size. It's worse because of the file size.
Yeah.
Sure.
Yeah, what do I?
But.
Now, the last thing is, you know, it's easy to get information back and forth to devices, as you already, you know, can see. The trick is simply sign into WebEx on your personal or on your BayOne account or on your BayOne computer.
And.
Mmh.
Mhm.
If you sign in with your Cisco account on your BayOne laptop, you can send files back and forth to yourself if you really needed to.
Okay.
Now, I'm not telling you that officially, to be very clear. So I'm just saying that if someone were to want to know how to send files back and forth without getting flagged, simply send them to yourself on WebEx and then open them on your other machine. Don't try to get around it.
Yeah, yeah.
Right, right.
Right.
Because what made that infinitely worse that I'm trying to do some cleanup for is that, you know, she had done that and then tried to AirDrop them to herself. And I'm like, well, now you just turned something that was a one-time mistake into something that looks like you're blatantly trying to go around.
Cisco IT, which is why the escalation happened in the 1st place.
No.
So, you know, that's one thing. If it doesn't work or if it gets blocked and it's critical, just let me know, because I can probably help you find a better way around it.
Don't just try to, you know, bust through that wall or break the lock. You know, it's there for a reason and you will get flagged. And for on her end, you know, that's exactly what happened. And it looks really bad if you try to, you know, if you hit, say, get a message from, you know, Cisco and it says, oh, that action's blocked or prohibited.
and then you still try to go around it, you know, that's an issue. So if that ever comes, just let me know. I'll help you to figure it out. It's not a big deal, but it's something that we kind of get one of those for the engagement. We can't have that happen again or else they'll pull us off of it.
Yeah, yeah, sure, Colin. Yeah, if anything, yeah, if any kind of situation that comes up, like, yeah, yeah, reach out to you before, like, taking the action or doing something, yeah, well, I'll follow the same.
The.
Yeah.
All right, so we'll be okay there. I just wanted to tell you that. So just be very careful on that, especially in your Cisco machine. So like for instance, on Cisco machine, even if you have like Teams downloaded, just get rid of it. The web version is a little bit different, but still, just be very careful there.
It.
No, I did not. I first I tried like, yeah, logging into the web version, but it did not allow me. Like, I, I, I tried to like see the Max, like, like App Store, like Cisco App Store, if they have like teams available, they don't have it, so I did not install it or logged into.
Yeah.
Teams from the Cisco laptop, but one thing like I opened the GitHub, like GitHub, like I logged in to the BayOne GitHub account, but that too, like only once, like just to see the issues, yeah, other than that, like, yeah, I did not like upload or do.
Any, yeah, I'm not, I haven't shared any any of those. I just like logged in once and then I, yeah, I did not do that again.
Right.
Right, right. Yeah, absolutely. And that's okay. So it's more just like, just be careful of it. Just think of it this way. Anything you do on your Cisco laptop, Cisco IT can see. So just have that in the back of your mind. I'm not saying you did anything wrong. So don't feel like that. But just know that going forward, because...
Yes, yes.
Mmh.
Okay.
Like I said, with Namita, we're going to have one exact exactly one time where we can, you know, say our mistake, you know, sorry, if it happens again, I can tell you they're going to kick us out of the project.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, so on a better note.
full scale got built.
Okay.
Everything happened here.
The.
So it says ready to test. Here's what we'll do.
Let me run this.
Just going to open up a new cloud session.
I'm going to paste that exactly.
Now, you'll notice something didn't happen.
Preflight check passed, verify the CSV exists, it's there.
And look, you see right here.
And.
Yes, that is not funny.
It yelled at us and said, okay, database has to get initialized, and bam, it made the database. That's the purpose of the hook, so it can't continue. And look, it just built a thread map for us, super fast.
Okay.
Mhm, mhm, mhm.
Mhm.
There were 2000 root messages.
2200 children.
Yes.
And look at this.
Basically, no work now that we have this skill. Before you scan for category items, how many sample messages have I reviewed?
Paul.
Okay.
Don't just read 500.
Read all of them.
Now, this that Python script generated threadmap.json.
That's all the replies and threads, okay?
Yep.
MM mm.
Just a simple Python script.
So you see it's like 16,000 lines long, but that's fine. It's a JSON script for that very reason.
Yeah.
So I'm going to actually go back.
To this, and this is a good strategy.
So I'm going to export.
The chat gonna go here, I'm gonna go back to the original cloud session which we made it in.
Okay.
So I'll explain why we're doing this.
250 root messages.
So basically what I'm doing is I'm real-time fixing the skill up because there's something we overlooked. So if there's 2000 something root messages, then that's too much for Claude to handle at once.
Mhm.
Right.
So basically I said, here's that conversation I just had with the other cloud session.
I want you to read it, and I want you to say, here's what's going on there, so that the current cloud session has the context, and let's update this in this scope.
Mmh.
So this is wrong. It tries to run a keyword frequency analysis script. It is wrong because it's going to do exactly what we said. It's going to be prescriptive. It's going to say that there's 10 categories. It's wrong. It needs to have an understanding of this.
and it should be building on previous discoveries.
Just.
Say good, that's right, please update. And all that's going to happen is I'm going to abandon that second session.
I'll abandon this entirely.
Okay.
So I'm actually just going to probably, you know, not even pay much attention and just simply re-invoke it just like I did in the beginning.
Like this. The important thing is that you can't say, Claude, I've updated the skill, please continue. Because remember, the skill is stateful. It only knows what the state was when it was loaded in the context when that conversation began. So if you make changes, it's not going to recognize them until you start a new Claude session.
Bhatt.
New terminal again.
Right, OK.
So, in the Cisco machine right now, like we have like access to the Codex and GitHub Core pilot, right? So, can we do similar thing with the sorry, Codex right now, or like do we get tool? OK, OK.
Mhm.
Yes.
Yes, you can. The only thing that's going to change is you see how this folder is duck clod.
I can.
Yes, it will be like this.
I forget what it is with Codex, but there's a similar type of thing.
OK, similar one. OK, got it.
And the good thing is that skills are ambiguous.
Mmhm.
So all that you would have to do is you'd have to update all paths in the skills so they are pointing to the right location. Like for instance, you see here, Doc Claude is hard-coded.
Mhm.
Right.
So you would have to know to go through the skill, update those file paths, update it so it doesn't have any references back to Claude.
Okay.
But they are going to work identically the same.
No, got it.
Yeah, I look, I look into that though, so for the codex.
Yeah.
Now, here's here's.
I, ohh yeah, sorry, yeah, go ahead.
No, keep going, keep going.
I installed cloud desktop, but I did not install the cloud code on my terminal, so I just installed it.
Yeah, that's good. That's good. Cloud Code you really like. It is night and day better than Codex, frankly. Like really way better. Technically, you know, even for me on my Cisco laptop, I do have Cloud Code installed.
Mhm.
I'm not telling you to do it. I'm not saying anything about that. All I'm saying is that you have to be careful. As long as you're careful, you're okay. It's like, you know...
Yeah.
Okay.
Like anything, like you know, you have to think about what would be flagged by their IT, and they're not going to be looking at like command line installs.
Ohh.
Mmh.
So I'm going to just start a brand new cloud session, because the first cloud session said that this is...
All done.
Gonna run it again, brand new cloud session, this old one. I'm just gonna hit kill because it doesn't matter.
It's running my pre-flight checks again, like it will each and every time. That's important because if not, skill is not transferable. There's some statefulness to it. So like, for instance, on my computer, it might be set up properly, but on your computer, it's not. So this avoids that.
Yes.
It matches.
So you see the current state, it's already imported, thread map already generated. So it knew, you know, it's not wasting time, it's not wasting effort.
Yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
So just, yes, 250 sounds good. Eight batches.
See?
And just so we can get an idea here. See, it generated this file just using that script. So pretty cool. You know, it's skipping over all this work that we'd normally do.
Right.
And you'll see now that this is far superior than just saying, hey, Claude, you know, here's this whole giant file, categorize it.
Putting into steps.
Mhm.
Like that is one eighth of the whole content. So it's already that big with one eighth. So you definitely do not want to try to read that all at once.
Right.
So it should read that full batch one file and then it should generate a markdown file with categories.
This is the to-do list that Cloud's generating for itself, which is correct.
And you can see it's checking things off the to-do list.
Yeah, it is doing like one, yeah, then sequence.
But the important thing is not to, so you have to think about a skill like a procedure. So you'll notice that I went back to the original session and told it to fix the skill and then I'll try it again.
Mhm.
What?
Me.
Yes.
What you do not want to do unless you're in panic mode and like you're trying to figure it out before a presentation or something and you're time bound, you always want to fix the skill. You do not want to work around the skill.
Right.
So for instance, I could have, you know, said to that old session, I could have said, hey, time out, read in batches, do this. But what happens? The next time I go to use this skill, the same problem it needs.
Yeah.
Right, right.
So fix the skill and you never have to worry about it again.
Yeah, whatever file you give like input, it will give the same, yeah, same output in the same format.
And look at how beautiful this is with just those first 250 lines.
Yeah.
Like, this is great already.
MM mm.
Batch one complete, starting batch two. Yes, this is going to take some time. Yes, this is going to take some tokens. Fine.
But you can see.
Notes for next batch. We've now built a system with very little effort. We just spent, you know, maybe, what, 45 minutes an hour building that skill. And now I've got something that I can use over and over and over again.
Right.
So, if Srinivas wants this.
I'm not trying to say your work for Wednesday is done. You know, you still have to worry about the visualization. You still have to worry about, you know, making sense of it and checking the output here.
Yeah, mhm.
But you can see by the time I get to step 8 here, and I'm going to let this run, then I'll share with you everything with this in the WebEx chat.
Sure.
But by the time we get to this, this is exactly what I was talking about with Srini Best today. We can build these skills and then we have these beautiful, repeatable workflows that are this very nice middle ground between agentic and deterministic. You know, there's a deterministic aspect of it, but it's still agentic in the sense that we are still...
Okay.
Right.
using a language model to do this categorization. You can see this is much, much deeper than just saying, you know, go with keyword frequency.
Yes.
And yeah, instead of like coming up with like different keywords at 1st place, yeah, based on the available messages and like doing getting information from the messages existing necessary, yes, and their responses.
And my best advice for these skills and agents the same is think about if you were to do this manually, if you had no AI with you.
Mhm, mhm.
Mhm.
And you, let's say that you had interns and you could only tell the interns what to do.
Right.
And in the best way, like, let's, I don't mean this in like a real intern way, but like, let's say the interns just aren't that smart. So let's say that you have some interns that are decent, but they're not, you know, geniuses or anything.
So what's going to happen here? Well, if your interns aren't geniuses, are you going to tell them, here's a file, take one pass at it and tell me what the categories are? Of course not. You know, they're not going to do a good job. And you're going to know that right in the beginning.
Mhm.
So what that means for us is that treat skills the same way. Break them down like this. Don't give giant tasks to it. Don't just, you know, there was one person I used to know who was someone I really respected in every way except for how they talked about AI. And this person, he used to say because of the power of ChatGPT.
And I'm like, there is no power. You are delusional. You are not thinking clearly. There is no magic wand that ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, anything has that makes it universally, you know, omnipotent towards any task. There's limits to things just like there are for anyone else. You know, he didn't get that you can't just give Claude
a thousand-page PDF and expect it to generate a good summary.
Yeah, you have to put the direction to it.
Correct.
Yeah.
And you can see here.
Batches 1 through 4 done, category stabilizing, fetching batches 5 through 8, scanning for new patterns only. That means that we are correctly.
Yes.
getting enough categories to the point where we are.
Not really having an issue.
Right.
And you see that ended up being a total of 16 + 1.
17, 17, yeah, 16 plus one, yeah.
So not five. And you see this, like we didn't want to be prescriptive here and say that there's only 5 because they would have done them wrong.
Good.
I could always tell it, hey, go up another level in hierarchy and give me, you know, an earlier subgrouping of these. So for instance, like things that are build related.
Mm.
You can always add in that detail later on in time. But this is the right way to go because you're not being prescriptive. Prescriptive, you're assigning a solution before you know the full scope of the problem.
Right, and this way, like, you have all the details captured, and then we can try to, like, focus on, like, any specific thing, right?
So, it's like...
Right, right.
And so look, we've taken now almost 8 minutes and we are almost completely done with the first part of this. That's it.
Yeah.
And in a traceable way too. You know, what's the traceability? We have the thread map.
Yes, yes.
Take this.
This is my point. So like you can make these reliable by using deterministic early. This is why I'm like kind of, you know, preaching all the time with AI. Deterministic early, AI when it makes sense. That's the mantra, right? So I'm like, use that and you will always be in good shape. Don't use it too early. Don't use it too late.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Use it when it makes sense. If you just hand wave and say the power of ChatGPT, the power of the context window of a million tokens, no, absolutely not. Because it won't be able to do as good of quality as what you can do here.
Sure.
Yes.
Bhatt.
And as you can see, it's really not that much bigger.
Two.
You can see we're using 5.7,000 tokens, which honestly, grand scheme of things, is barely anything for Claude.
Right.
Well, there is, there is, it's completely like very less tokens compared to like passing all those files directly.
Yes. Now, if you were the funny thing here, the ironic thing, do you notice on the first session how it already was yelling at me? I'm in the million context token. You see it's already saying context left until auto compact 11.
So.
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
It's because it wasn't following a workflow like this. So what did it do? It fed the entire CSV into the conversation context at once.
Into the corner, yes.
Which is obscenely inefficient.
And now it's giving me a much, much, much cleaner way that's using far less tokens.
Yeah.
So it's very nice for that aspect. So 10 minutes later, 10,000 tokens later, we are done with a massive task of categorizing, you know, 4,000 lines with a parent-child hierarchy with no knowledge, you know, going into it. I didn't even tell it what an XOS was.
So let's look, and here's the final breakdown of this. So it actually did take the action to subdivide these. Beautiful, right?
Well, mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So, we go through.
We can say key findings. Xflow code net cat is 40% of traffic.
Yeah.
Should we, should we flatten? Nah, leave it alone.
So you see right here, for instance, no coverage found bot ever was firing off every 4 minutes for CDT.
Yep.
So, I'm gonna have to make...
They have a bot already placed, but I think that is for adding just the users, like sharing the link. So whenever you ask the bot, if they want to add someone to the group, they just trigger the bot.
and the bot will share the link and new people can be added. Only I think that's the only bot present in this chat.
Mhm.
Well, the really cool thing here is that for this part specifically, I think this was probably the early days of that bot where they kind of had it on an auto loop.
Right.
So what's going to be cool here is if you look at this over time, for this one, not for the bot in general, but just for the no coverage found firing off every 4 minutes, you're going to see a big spike on a given day or set of days.
Mhm.
Okay.
You know, and then you're going to see it go away once they turn that feature off or they fix the problem.
So let's see here. Persisting skill categories to SQLite and writing the dated markdown file. Beautiful. Look, it's giving us some markdown file with all that info, sticking a date on it, and putting them in SQLite so we can always persist this later on.
Right.
Now if I pull up the issues.db, I've got something called Data Wrangler here. Look, I have built a full database.
Mhm.
Hmm.
Of all the issues and with all the categories.
with basically no effort on my end.
Right.
So I'm going to let this go.
And then what I'll do is I'm going to share with you pretty much.
All of this, I'll share this full repo with you, the full skill definitions.
Because I want you to, you know, use that as a reference for yourself. This is kind of your training for it in a way.
But after this...
Sorry, I think this is very helpful. I think I had like a couple of questions. I think this session like clear all those doubts I had.
Mhm.
I'll refer to this, the existing one, and along with that, like a skill force and singularity, is it? Yeah, I'll look into it first initially, if there is any specific elements, like if you want me to focus on, I can look into that as well.
Right, so for instance, for the singularity scope, you'll be able to combine it with some other things too. So the more you use skills, that's one thing I'll kind of push you to do is just get more and more used to the skills, because there's some things that'll work together in your favor that are going to be great. So for instance, like singularity,
Look for this.
Okay.
Sure.
Mm.
You might not know how to use it, but singularity, if you ask, you know, say, you know, hey, invoke the singularity skill and tell me how to use it.
Yeah.
It'll tell you, yeah.
I'll go in, I mean, into it detail, I'll look into it. Yeah, if there is any anything specific, yeah, if not, like I can spend some time and refer to the skills available in that, and then yeah, I will follow up on the questions if I have anything.
And one thing that you'll want to do, because the Singularity skill is going to want transcripts. So that's why I was always asking about the meeting transcripts.
Okay.
Right.
So now you can test this out on your machine first. And I recommend you to do that because, you know, doing that before you get it onto your Cisco machine will make it a lot clearer. Plus, there's still that barrier where you'll need to get it working with, you know, like Codex instead of Cloud Code.
Okay.
Mhm, mhm.
Yes, yeah.
But you'll find they're identical. It's just a matter of like anything else, like what language model is doing the work. That's really all that means.
Okay, got it.
So, let's say I want to do this in, let's do...
Batches of 100, that'll be...
What, 20 batches?
Maybe I'll do 200.
Yes.
That'll be 10 batches.
Done that.
No.
Let's do single threaded because we've never run this before.
Good.
Do wish was only for now, now we will save ourselves some time.
So, where was I going with this? So, one thing that I'd like you to do as well, if you go to your browser and you type in talent.bayone.com.
Mhm.
You'll get to this.
Yes.
And so what I want you to do is you'll find on that page a button that says BayOne employee sign in.
Ohh, I, I did, Colin, did log into that, yeah.
You do.
I have the access.
Let me make sure that your account's approved, because this will help you with the singularity scope.
Yeah.
Yeah, it is approved.
So, let's go here.
Yep, okay, so you are. So in here you'll see meeting transcripts on the side.
Yeah.
You'll find one of our meetings over here. You just have to click it, hit fetch.
Yeah, I looked into this like it has all the details of like the action items and every every like summary and all those.
Okay.
Okay, so that'll help you with that singularity school. You can even process this transcript from our meeting today into it. Just give it a test. And then once you see it in action, you'll be like, okay, I get it. Makes sense.
OK, sure, yeah, I'll test that from today's meeting.
Yeah.
OK.
So here's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to export.
And I'm going to share all this back with you. I'll put it in a BayOne repo so you can access it on your personal to get an idea.
Yeah, sure.
That way, you know, because I think there's still some homework to do on how to get it to the skills to work with Codex.
Sure.
So once you get that figured out, you'll be here, but at least this will give you a big boost for Wednesday, because it'll already be categorized. And at that point, you don't even need the skill, because you'll get from me the actual just SQLite database.
Okay.
And then at that point, you know, you'll be able to do any kind of visuals very easily because it's already in database format, even though we really haven't done, you know, too much work, which is nice. So like for instance, these categories and solutions, you already have this.
Mmh.
And then if you wanted to do something like give me a count of how many things are in which box, that'll be a really simple thing. It'll just be a query. So that means that like whenever you're doing this, again, it is deterministic at the outset. Because if you wanted to say, here's a chart, for instance, over time, you have something repeatable. So if you wanted to run something like a.
matplotlib or anything to do a visualization, you could certainly do that.
Yeah.
All right, so I'll let you go for today. Let me, I'm going to let this run to completion. It'll probably take, you know, another half hour or so. After it does, I'll share everything with you.
Yeah, so good.
And then you can go from there.
Yeah, sure, I'll, yeah, I'll set up the, yeah, I'll try to like go around like a skill forge and yeah, other things then, yeah, in case if there is anything I'll reach out to you, I'll also like see you know what Codex can do on the Cisco machine and yeah, I'll.
Look, liquid, like, like, once you share it.
Awesome. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah, no problem.
Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much, Colin.
Alright, talk to you soon. Take care.
Yeah, thank you. Bye.